---
title: 开言学习笔记1
categories:
- 英语学习
tags: 
- English
- Note
---

##  Housewarming Party 乔迁派对

#### Dialog

* A: Hey guys, glad you could make it! Come on in!
* B: Thanks for inviting us! Wow, I love your new place, it's gorgeus!
* A: Thanks. I moved in last week. I'm still setting up the living room.
* B: I love the layout. The view is great too!
* A: Thanks. I was lucky to find this place. Come on, I'll show you around.
* B: Oh, here, before I forget, I brought you a housewarming gift.
* A: Wine! Thank you. You shouldn't have.
* B: Oh, it's my pleasure. Should I put it on the table?
* A: Sure. After that, come with me. I want you to meet my new neighbors.
* B: Sure, I'd love to.

#### Phrases
* Come on in!
* Setting up
* show you around
* housewarming gift

## Opening a bank account

#### Words
* teller
* balance
* checking account借记账号 & saving account存储账号
 > checking account: day to day banking. use every day
* interest 利息
* fees
* doable 可行的
* deposit v.存款 + deposit some money
* wage
 
 #### Dialog
 * A: Hi there, how can I help you today?
 * B: Hi, I'd like to open a personal bank account.
 * A: OK, are you looking to set up a checking account, savings acount or both?
 * B: Hmm. What's the difference?
 * A: Checking is for day-to-day banking and savings help you earn interest.
 * B:Alright, I'll get both. Are there any monthly fee?
 * A: Our basic account is just $12 a month. But if your balance is over $1500, it's free.
 * B: Ok, that's totally doable, I'll go with that.
 * A: Great, how much would you to deposit today? The minimum is $25.
 * B: I'll put $2000 into checking and $1000 into savings.
 * A: Excellent! Now all I need is you ID and some personal information.
 
 #### Phrases
 * go with that  == choose that

## Overdue bills

#### Sentences
* The baby is overdue. 
* You are overdue for something.

#### Words&Phrases
* get on top of == get in control of 
* shark
* loan
* pay off
* ten out of ten //10总分得10分
* borrow from the bank
* utility
* past due & overdue
* cut off
* budgets a little == plan spending 
* get off light == punishment was really not all that terrible.
 
#### Dialog


## Calling the landlord

#### Phrases
* drop by 顺道拜访
* broke down
* have issues

#### Dialog
* A:Hi Bob. It's Kelly, do you have a moment?
* B:Of cource Kelly, what can I do for you?
* A:Well, I'm having a few issues at my apartment.
* B:Oh, is the wifi going in and out again?
* A:No, the connection is ok. but the water heater is broken, so only cold water comes out.
* B:Oh, are you home tomorrow? I can drop by and have a look.
* A:Sure, could you also look at the washing machine? it broke down and won't turn on.
* B:Hmm.. was there anything stuck in the machine?
* A:No, I think it's just old. would it be possible to have it repaired by Friday?
* B:Well, I can't make any promises, but I'll try my best.
 
 